Pseudo-PR: Initial ribomsqc pipeline implementation (#2)
proteomicsunitcrg/ribomsqc: README.md

## Introduction

> **nf-core/ribomsqc** is a bioinformatics pipeline that processes RAW files from mass spectrometry instruments, converts them to mzML format, extracts XICs for selected analytes, generates plots, and summarizes outputs via MultiQC. It is tailored for quality control of ribonucleoside analysis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**nf-core/ribomsqc** is a bioinformatics pipeline that processes `RAW` files from mass spectrometry instruments, converts them to `mzML` format, extracts `XIC`s for selected analytes, generates plots, and summarizes outputs via MultiQC. It is tailored for quality control of ribonucleoside analysis.
```

## Usage

> [!NOTE]
> If you are new to Nextflow and nf-core, please refer to [this page](https://nf-co.re/docs/usage/installation) on how to set-up Nextflow.

First, prepare a samplesheet with your input data like:

```csv title="samplesheet.csv"
id,raw_file
20240315_QCN1_001_03_New_STD,/full/path/to/file.raw
```

- `id`: Sample identifier

> - `file`: Path to the RAW file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `file`: Path to the `RAW` file
```

Now, you can run the pipeline using:

```bash
nextflow run nf-core/ribomsqc \

>   --input /home/proteomics/mydata/csv/samplesheet.csv \

Author: ✅ Updated the example command to use generic filenames instead of full paths — thanks for the suggestion, much clearer now!

## Credits

nf-core/ribomsqc was originally written by Roger Olivella.

We thank the following people for their extensive assistance in the development of this pipeline:

<!-- TODO nf-core: If applicable, make list of people who have also contributed -->

## Contributions and Support

If you would like to contribute to this pipeline, please see the [contributing guidelines](.github/CONTRIBUTING.md).

For further information or help, don't hesitate to get in touch on the [Slack `#ribomsqc` channel](https://nfcore.slack.com/channels/ribomsqc) (you can join with [this invite](https://nf-co.re/join/slack)).
For help, visit [Slack #ribomsqc](https://nfcore.slack.com/channels/ribomsqc) or see [contributing guide](.github/CONTRIBUTING.md).

## Citations

<!-- TODO nf-core: Add citation for pipeline after first release. Uncomment lines below and update Zenodo doi and badge at the top of this file. -->
<!-- If you use nf-core/ribomsqc for your analysis, please cite it using the following doi: [10.5281/zenodo.XXXXXX](https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.XXXXXX) -->

<!-- TODO nf-core: Add bibliography of tools and data used in your pipeline -->

> An extensive list of references for the tools used by the pipeline can be found in the [`CITATIONS.md`](CITATIONS.md) file.

Reviewer: I think it will be simpler here to stick to the template and not modify this part. You will avoid merge issues when it gets updated.

Author: Fine!
